/Users/lizcconrad/Documents/PhD/POGG/POGG_project/GG_data/development/Heal_TheCar/subgraphs/dot/complete/idClearing1_subgraph.dot
[ TOP: h466
  INDEX: e463
  RELS: < [ unknown LBL: h465 ARG: x417 ARG0: e463 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h462 ARG0: x417 RSTR: h460 BODY: h461 ]
          [ loc_nonsp LBL: h421 ARG0: i455 ARG1: x417 ARG2: x451 ]
          [ _bushy_a_1 LBL: h421 ARG0: e419 ARG1: x417 ]
          [ _clearing_n_1 LBL: h421 ARG0: x417 ]
          [ def_implicit_q LBL: h454 ARG0: x451 RSTR: h452 BODY: h453 ]
          [ _east_a_1 LBL: h444 ARG0: i441 ARG1: x451 ARG2: x445 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h448 ARG0: x445 RSTR: h446 BODY: h447 ]
          [ _black_a_1 LBL: h423 ARG0: i434 ARG1: x445 ]
          [ compound LBL: h423 ARG0: e430 ARG1: x445 ARG2: x424 ]
          [ udef_q LBL: h429 ARG0: x424 RSTR: h427 BODY: h428 ]
          [ _car_n_1 LBL: h425 ARG0: x424 ]
          [ _key_n_1 LBL: h423 ARG0: x445 ]
          [ place_n LBL: h444 ARG0: x451 ] >
  HCONS: < h427 qeq h425 h446 qeq h423 h452 qeq h444 h460 qeq h421 h466 qeq h465 > ]
GENERATED RESULTS ... 
A bushy clearing east of a black car key
The bushy clearing east of a black car key
A bushy clearing east of the black car keys
The bushy clearing east of the black car keys
A bushy clearing east of the black car keys.
The bushy clearing east of the black car keys.
A bushy clearing east of the black car key
The bushy clearing east of the black car key
The bushy clearings east of a black car key
The bushy clearings east of the black car keys
The bushy clearings east of the black car keys.
A bushy clearing east of a black car key.
The bushy clearing east of a black car key.
The bushy clearings east of the black car key
A bushy clearing east of black car keys
The bushy clearing east of black car keys
Bushy clearings east of a black car key
Bushy clearings east of the black car keys
A bushy clearing east of the black car key.
The bushy clearing east of the black car key.
A bushy clearing east of black car keys.
The bushy clearing east of black car keys.
A bushy clearing east of the car black keys
The bushy clearing east of the car black keys
Bushy clearings east of the black car keys.
A bushy clearing east of the car black keys.
The bushy clearing east of the car black keys.
Bushy clearings east of the black car key
A bushy clearing east of the cars black keys
The bushy clearing east of the cars black keys
The bushy clearings east of a black car key.
A bushy clearing east of the cars black keys.
The bushy clearing east of the cars black keys.
The bushy clearings east of black car keys
The bushy clearings east of the black car key.
The bushy clearings east of black car keys.
The bushy clearings east of the car black keys
Bushy clearings east of a black car key.
A bushy clearing east of the car black key
Bushy clearing east of a black car key
The bushy clearing east of the car black key
The bushy clearings east of the car black keys.
Bushy clearing east of the black car keys
Bushy clearings east of black car keys
The bushy clearings east of the cars black keys
A bushy clearing east of the cars black key
The bushy clearing east of the cars black key
The bushy clearings east of the cars black keys.
Bushy clearing east of the black car keys.
Bushy clearings east of the black car key.
Bushy clearing east of the black car key
Bushy clearings east of black car keys.
A bushy clearing east of a cars black key
The bushy clearing east of a cars black key
Bushy clearings east of the car black keys
A bushy clearing east of the car black key.
The bushy clearing east of the car black key.
Bushy clearings east of the car black keys.
A bushy clearing east of a car black key
Bushy clearings east of the cars black keys
The bushy clearing east of a car black key
A bushy clearing east of the cars black key.
The bushy clearings east of the car black key
The bushy clearing east of the cars black key.
Bushy clearings east of the cars black keys.
The bushy clearings east of the cars black key
Bushy clearing east of a black car key.
A bushy clearing east of car black keys
The bushy clearing east of car black keys
A bushy clearing east of a cars black key.
The bushy clearing east of a cars black key.
A bushy clearing east of car black keys.
The bushy clearing east of car black keys.
Bushy clearing east of black car keys
The bushy clearings east of a cars black key
A bushy clearing east of a car black key.
The bushy clearing east of a car black key.
Bushy clearings east of the car black key
The bushy clearings east of the car black key.
Bushy clearing east of the black car key.
The bushy clearings east of a car black key
Bushy clearings east of the cars black key
The bushy clearings east of the cars black key.
Bushy clearing east of black car keys.
Bushy clearing east of the car black keys
Bushy clearing east of the car black keys.
Bushy clearing east of the cars black keys
Bushy clearings east of a cars black key
The bushy clearings east of car black keys
Bushy clearing east of the cars black keys.
The bushy clearings east of a cars black key.
Bushy clearings east of the car black key.
The bushy clearings east of car black keys.
Bushy clearings east of a car black key
The bushy clearings east of a car black key.
Bushy clearings east of the cars black key.
A bushy clearing east of cars black keys
The bushy clearing east of cars black keys
A bushy clearing east of cars black keys.
The bushy clearing east of cars black keys.
Bushy clearing east of the car black key
Bushy clearings east of car black keys
Bushy clearings east of a cars black key.
Bushy clearings east of car black keys.
The bushy clearings, east of a black car key
Bushy clearing east of the cars black key
Bushy clearings east of a car black key.
The bushy clearings, east of the black car keys
Bushy clearings, east of a black car key
Bushy clearings, east of the black car keys
Bushy clearing east of a cars black key
The bushy clearings east of cars black keys
The bushy clearings, east of the black car key
Bushy clearing east of the car black key.
The bushy clearings east of cars black keys.
Bushy clearings, east of the black car key
Bushy clearing east of a car black key
Bushy clearing east of the cars black key.
The bushy clearing, east of a black car key
The bushy clearing, east of the black car keys
Bushy clearing east of car black keys
Bushy clearing east of a cars black key.
Bushy clearings east of cars black keys
Bushy clearing east of car black keys.
Bushy clearings east of cars black keys.
Bushy clearing east of a car black key.
The bushy clearing, east of the black car key
The bushy clearings, east of black car keys
Bushy clearing, east of a black car key
Bushy clearing, east of the black car keys
Bushy clearings, east of black car keys
A bushy clearing, east of a black car key
A bushy clearing, east of the black car keys
The bushy clearings, east of the car black keys
Bushy clearing, east of the black car key
Bushy clearings, east of the car black keys
The bushy clearings, east of the cars black keys
A bushy clearing, east of the black car key
Bushy clearings, east of the cars black keys
The bushy clearing, east of black car keys
Bushy clearing east of cars black keys
Bushy clearing east of cars black keys.
The bushy clearing, east of the car black keys
The bushy clearings, east of the car black key
Bushy clearing, east of black car keys
Bushy clearings, east of the car black key
The bushy clearing, east of the cars black keys
The bushy clearings, east of the cars black key
A bushy clearing, east of black car keys
Bushy clearings, east of the cars black key
Bushy clearing, east of the car black keys
The bushy clearings, east of a cars black key
Bushy clearing, east of the cars black keys
Bushy clearings, east of a cars black key
A bushy clearing, east of the car black keys
The bushy clearings, east of a car black key
The bushy clearing, east of the car black key
A bushy clearing, east of the cars black keys
Bushy clearings, east of a car black key
The bushy clearing, east of the cars black key
The bushy clearings, east of car black keys
Bushy clearings, east of car black keys
Bushy clearing, east of the car black key
The bushy clearing, east of a cars black key
Bushy clearing, east of the cars black key
A bushy clearing, east of the car black key
The bushy clearing, east of a car black key
A bushy clearing, east of the cars black key
Bushy clearing, east of a cars black key
The bushy clearing, east of car black keys
Bushy clearing, east of a car black key
A bushy clearing, east of a cars black key
The bushy clearings, east of cars black keys
A bushy clearing, east of a car black key
Bushy clearings, east of cars black keys
Bushy clearing, east of car black keys
A bushy clearing, east of car black keys
The bushy clearing, east of cars black keys
Bushy clearing, east of cars black keys
A bushy clearing, east of cars black keys

TOTAL RESULTS: 180

Node          MRS Produced    Reason                 Included in MRS    Reason
------------  --------------  ---------------------  -----------------  -------------------------
black_4       True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
bushy_2       True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
idCarKey_3    True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
idClearing_1  True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
true_5        True            MRS fragment produced  False              Descends from failed edge

Edge               MRS Composed    Reason                                     Included in MRS    Reason
-----------------  --------------  -----------------------------------------  -----------------  -----------------------------------------
idColor_2          True            MRS composed                               True               Included in MRS
idDescriptor_1     True            MRS composed                               True               Included in MRS
idUnknownObject_3  False           'idUnknownObject' has no value in lexicon  False              'idUnknownObject' has no value in lexicon
isEastOf_4         True            MRS composed                               True               Included in MRS

Graph Component    Metric      Successful    Total    Coverage
-----------------  --------  ------------  -------  ----------
Nodes              Produced             5        5        1
Nodes              Included             4        5        0.8
Edges              Produced             3        4        0.75
Edges              Included             3        4        0.75