/Users/lizcconrad/Documents/PhD/GP2/GG_project/GG_data/development/Heal_TheCar/subgraphs/dot/complete/idLock1_subgraph.dot
[ TOP: h1205
  INDEX: e1202
  RELS: < [ unknown LBL: h1204 ARG: x1198 ARG0: e1202 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h1201 ARG0: x1198 RSTR: h1199 BODY: h1200 ]
          [ loc_nonsp LBL: h1170 ARG0: i1194 ARG1: x1198 ARG2: x1181 ]
          [ _lock_v_cause LBL: h1170 ARG0: e1167 ARG1: i1168 ARG2: x1198 ]
          [ _lock_n_1 LBL: h1170 ARG0: x1198 ]
          [ def_implicit_q LBL: h1193 ARG0: x1181 RSTR: h1191 BODY: h1192 ]
          [ _west_a_1 LBL: h1183 ARG0: i1180 ARG1: x1181 ARG2: x1171 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h1187 ARG0: x1171 RSTR: h1185 BODY: h1186 ]
          [ _green_a_2 LBL: h1172 ARG0: i1173 ARG1: x1171 ]
          [ _bush_n_1 LBL: h1172 ARG0: x1171 ]
          [ place_n LBL: h1183 ARG0: x1181 ] >
  HCONS: < h1185 qeq h1172 h1191 qeq h1183 h1199 qeq h1170 h1205 qeq h1204 > ]
GENERATED RESULTS ... 
Locked locks west of the green bushes
Locked locks west of a green bush
The locked locks west of the green bushes
Locked locks west of the green bush
A locked lock west of the green bushes
The locked lock west of the green bushes
The locked locks west of a green bush
Locked locks west of the green bushes.
A locked lock west of a green bush
The locked lock west of a green bush
The locked locks west of the green bush
The locked locks west of the green bushes.
Locked locks west of a green bush.
A locked lock west of the green bush
The locked lock west of the green bush
A locked lock west of the green bushes.
The locked lock west of the green bushes.
Locked locks west of green bushes.
Locked locks west of green bushes
Locked locks west of the green bush.
The locked locks west of a green bush.
A locked lock west of a green bush.
The locked lock west of a green bush.
The locked locks west of green bushes.
The locked locks west of green bushes
A locked lock west of green bushes.
The locked lock west of green bushes.
Locks to lock west of the green bushes
The locked locks west of the green bush.
A locked lock west of green bushes
The locked lock west of green bushes
A locked lock west of the green bush.
The locked lock west of the green bush.
Locks to lock west of a green bush
Locked lock west of the green bushes
Locks to lock west of the green bush
Locked lock west of a green bush
Locks to lock west of the green bushes.
A lock west of the green bushes locked.
The locks to lock west of the green bushes
A lock west of a green bush locked.
Locked lock west of the green bush
The locks to lock west of a green bush
A lock west of the green bushes locked
A lock west of the green bushes to lock.
Locked lock west of the green bushes.
Locks west of the green bushes locked.
Locks to lock west of a green bush.
A lock west of a green bush locked
A lock west of a green bush to lock.
A lock to lock west of the green bushes
The lock to lock west of the green bushes
Locks west of a green bush locked.
A lock west of the green bush locked.
Locks to lock west of green bushes.
The lock west of the green bushes locked.
Locks locked west of the green bushes
The locks to lock west of the green bush
A lock to lock west of a green bush
The locks west of the green bushes locked.
The lock to lock west of a green bush
Locks to lock west of green bushes
The locks to lock west of the green bushes.
The lock west of a green bush locked.
Locks locked west of a green bush
A lock west of a green bush, to lock.
Locks to lock west of the green bush.
Locked lock west of a green bush.
The locks west of a green bush locked.
A lock west of the green bush locked
A lock west of the green bush to lock.
The lock west of the green bushes locked
A lock west of the green bushes to lock
The lock west of the green bushes to lock.
Locks west of the green bush locked.
The locks west of the green bushes locked
The locks west of the green bushes to lock.
Locked lock west of green bushes.
The lock west of a green bush locked
A lock west of a green bush to lock
The lock west of a green bush to lock.
A lock to lock west of the green bush
The lock to lock west of the green bush
The locks west of a green bush locked
Locks west of the green bushes locked
Locked lock west of green bushes
The locks west of a green bush to lock.
A lock to lock west of the green bushes.
The lock west of the green bush locked.
The lock to lock west of the green bushes.
Locks west of a green bush, locked.
A lock west of the green bushes, to lock.
Locks locked west of the green bush
A lock west of the green bush, to lock.
Locked lock west of the green bush.
A lock locked west of the green bushes
The locks west of the green bush locked.
The locks to lock west of a green bush.
The lock locked west of the green bushes
Locks west of a green bush locked
Locks locked west of the green bushes.
A lock west of a green bush, locked.
A lock locked west of a green bush
The lock locked west of a green bush
Locks west of a green bush, to lock.
The locks to lock west of green bushes.
A lock west of green bushes locked.
The lock west of the green bush locked
A lock west of the green bush to lock
A lock west of a green bush, to lock
The lock west of the green bush to lock.
Lock west of the green bushes to lock.
The lock west of the green bushes to lock
The locks west of the green bush locked
The locks to lock, west of the green bushes
Locks west of the green bushes, locked.
The locks west of the green bush to lock.
The locks to lock west of green bushes
Lock west of a green bush, to lock.
Locks west of the green bush, locked.
The locks west of the green bushes to lock
The locked locks, west of the green bushes
The locks locked west of the green bushes
Lock west of a green bush to lock.
The locked lock, west of the green bushes
The locks to lock west of the green bush.
Locks to lock, west of the green bushes
A lock to lock west of a green bush.
The lock west of a green bush to lock
The lock to lock west of a green bush.
Locks west of the green bushes to lock.
The locks to lock, west of a green bush
Locks west of the green bush locked
A lock west of green bushes locked
Locked locks, west of the green bushes
A lock west of the green bushes, locked.
The locks west of a green bush to lock
The lock west of a green bush, to lock.
A lock west of green bushes to lock.
A lock west of the green bush, locked.
The locked locks, west of a green bush
Locks west of the green bushes, to lock.
Locks locked west of a green bush.
The locks locked west of a green bush
A lock, west of the green bushes to lock.
A lock locked west of the green bush
The locked lock, west of a green bush
The lock locked west of the green bush
Locks to lock, west of a green bush
Locks west of the green bush, to lock.
Locks west of a green bush to lock.
A lock west of the green bushes, to lock
Locks west of a green bush, locked
Locks west of green bushes locked.
A lock to lock west of green bushes.
The lock to lock west of green bushes.
A lock west of the green bush, to lock
A lock west of green bushes, to lock.
A lock locked west of the green bushes.
The lock locked west of the green bushes.
Locked locks, west of a green bush
The locks west of a green bush, to lock.
A lock, west of a green bush to lock.
Lock west of the green bushes, to lock.
Locks locked west of green bushes.
A lock to lock west of green bushes
Lock west of the green bush, to lock.
The lock to lock west of green bushes
Locked lock, west of the green bushes
Lock west of the green bush to lock.
A lock west of a green bush, locked
Locks west of a green bush, to lock
The lock west of green bushes locked.
A lock to lock west of the green bush.
The lock west of the green bush to lock
Lock west of the green bushes locked.
The lock to lock west of the green bush.
Lock west of the green bushes to lock
The locks to lock, west of the green bush
Locks locked west of green bushes
The lock west of the green bushes, to lock.
The locks west of green bushes locked.
Lock to lock west of the green bushes
The locks west of the green bush to lock
Locked lock, west of a green bush
The lock west of the green bush, to lock.
The locked locks, west of the green bush
A locked lock, west of the green bushes
A lock, west of the green bushes locked.
Locks locked west of the green bush.
The locks locked west of the green bush
The locked lock, west of the green bush
Locks to lock, west of the green bush
Lock west of a green bush locked.
Locks west of the green bushes, locked
Lock west of a green bush to lock
Lock west of the green bushes locked
Locks west of the green bush to lock.
Lock west of a green bush, to lock
Locks west of green bushes, locked.
Locks west of the green bush, locked
Locks west of the green bushes to lock
The locks locked west of the green bushes.
The locks west of the green bushes, to lock.
The lock to lock, west of the green bushes
Lock to lock west of a green bush
Locked locks, west of the green bush
The lock west of a green bush, locked.
The locks west of the green bush, to lock.
The locks locked, west of the green bushes
A locked lock, west of a green bush
A lock, west of a green bush locked.
The lock west of green bushes locked
A lock west of green bushes to lock
A lock, west of the green bush to lock.
A lock locked west of a green bush.
The locks, west of the green bushes to lock.
A lock, west of the green bushes to lock
The lock west of green bushes to lock.
The lock locked west of a green bush.
The locks, to lock, west of the green bushes
Lock west of a green bush locked
The lock, west of the green bushes to lock.
The lock west of a green bush, to lock
Locks west of a green bush to lock
The lock, to lock, west of the green bushes
The locks west of green bushes locked
A lock west of green bushes, locked.
A lock west of the green bushes, locked
The lock to lock, west of a green bush
Locks west of the green bushes, to lock
Locks locked, west of the green bushes
Lock west of a green bush, locked.
The locks west of green bushes to lock.
The locks west of a green bush, locked.
A lock west of the green bush, locked
Locks west of the green bush, to lock
Locks west of green bushes, to lock.
A lock, west of the green bushes locked
The locks locked, west of a green bush
The locks, west of a green bush to lock.
A lock, west of a green bush to lock
A lock west of green bushes, to lock
Locks, to lock, west of the green bushes
The locks, to lock, west of a green bush
The lock, west of a green bush to lock.
The locks west of a green bush, to lock
Locked lock, west of the green bush
A lock locked west of green bushes.
The lock, to lock, west of a green bush
The lock locked west of green bushes.
Locks west of green bushes locked
Locks locked, west of a green bush
Lock west of the green bushes, to lock
A lock, west of a green bush locked
Lock west of the green bush locked.
Lock west of the green bush to lock
Lock west of the green bush, to lock
Lock west of green bushes, to lock.
The locks, locked, west of the green bushes
Lock to lock, west of the green bushes
The lock, locked, west of the green bushes
Locks, to lock, west of a green bush
The lock west of the green bushes, locked.
A lock locked west of green bushes
The lock locked west of green bushes
Lock to lock west of the green bush
The lock west of the green bush, locked.
A locked lock, west of the green bush
A lock, west of the green bush locked.
The locks locked west of a green bush.
The locks, west of the green bushes locked.
A lock locked west of the green bush.
Lock to lock west of the green bushes.
The lock locked west of the green bush.
The lock west of the green bushes, to lock
Lock west of the green bush locked
Locks, locked, west of the green bushes
The lock, west of the green bushes locked.
The locks, locked, west of a green bush
A lock to lock, west of the green bushes
Lock to lock, west of a green bush
Lock, to lock, west of the green bushes
The lock west of the green bush, to lock
Locks west of the green bush to lock
The lock west of green bushes, to lock.
Lock west of the green bushes, locked.
The locks west of the green bushes, locked.
The lock, locked, west of a green bush
The lock to lock, west of the green bush
Lock west of the green bush, locked.
The locks west of the green bush, locked.
Lock, west of the green bushes to lock.
The locks locked, west of the green bush
Lock locked west of the green bushes
Locks west of green bushes, locked
The lock locked, west of the green bushes
The locks, west of a green bush locked.
The locks, west of the green bush to lock.
A lock, west of the green bush to lock
The locks west of the green bushes, to lock
The locks, to lock, west of the green bush
Lock west of green bushes to lock.
A lock, to lock, west of the green bushes
Locks, locked, west of a green bush
The lock, west of a green bush locked.
The locks, west of the green bushes to lock
The locks locked west of green bushes.
The lock west of green bushes to lock
The lock, west of the green bush to lock.
A lock to lock, west of a green bush
The locks west of the green bush, to lock
The locks west of green bushes, to lock.
Lock, to lock, west of a green bush
The lock, to lock, west of the green bush
The locks to lock, west of green bushes
The lock, west of the green bushes to lock
The lock west of a green bush, locked
Locks locked, west of the green bush
Lock, west of a green bush to lock.
A lock, west of the green bush locked
The locks west of green bushes to lock
Lock locked west of a green bush
Lock west of a green bush, locked
The locks, west of the green bushes locked
The lock locked, west of a green bush
The locked locks, west of green bushes
The lock, west of the green bushes locked
Lock, locked, west of the green bushes
The locks locked west of green bushes
Locks, to lock, west of the green bush
A lock, to lock, west of a green bush
The locked lock, west of green bushes
Locks to lock, west of green bushes
The locks, west of a green bush to lock
A lock west of green bushes, locked
Locks west of green bushes, to lock
Locks west of green bushes to lock.
The lock, west of a green bush to lock
The locks west of a green bush, locked
The locks locked west of the green bush.
Locks, west of the green bushes locked.
Locked locks, west of green bushes
The locks, west of a green bush locked
The locks, locked, west of the green bush
A lock, locked, west of the green bushes
Lock to lock, west of the green bush
The lock, west of a green bush locked
Lock, locked, west of a green bush
The lock, locked, west of the green bush
A lock, west of green bushes to lock.
Lock to lock west of a green bush.
Lock locked, west of the green bushes
Lock west of green bushes, to lock
The locks, west of the green bush locked.
Locks, west of a green bush locked.
Locks, locked, west of the green bush
The lock, west of the green bush locked.
A lock, locked, west of a green bush
A lock to lock, west of the green bush
The lock west of green bushes, locked.
Lock, to lock, west of the green bush
The lock west of the green bushes, locked
The lock west of the green bush, locked
Lock west of the green bushes, locked
Lock, west of the green bush to lock.
Lock locked, west of a green bush
Lock, west of the green bushes to lock
Lock locked west of the green bush
A lock locked, west of the green bushes
Lock west of the green bush, locked
Locked lock, west of green bushes
Lock to lock west of green bushes.
The lock locked, west of the green bush
The lock west of green bushes, to lock
A lock, to lock, west of the green bush
The locks, west of the green bush to lock
Lock west of green bushes, locked.
The locks west of green bushes, locked.
Lock west of green bushes locked.
Lock locked west of the green bushes.
The locks west of the green bushes, locked
Lock west of green bushes to lock
The lock, west of the green bush to lock
The locks west of the green bush, locked
Lock to lock west of green bushes
Lock, west of a green bush to lock
A lock locked, west of a green bush
The locks, west of the green bush locked
The locks west of green bushes, to lock
A locked lock, west of green bushes
A lock, west of green bushes locked.
The lock, west of the green bush locked
Lock, locked, west of the green bush
Locks, west of the green bushes to lock.
Lock to lock west of the green bush.
Lock west of green bushes locked
Locks west of green bushes to lock
The lock to lock, west of green bushes
Locks, west of the green bush locked.
A lock, locked, west of the green bush
The locks locked, west of green bushes
Lock, west of the green bushes locked.
Locks, west of a green bush to lock.
The locks, west of green bushes to lock.
A lock, west of green bushes to lock
The locks, to lock, west of green bushes
Lock locked, west of the green bush
The lock, west of green bushes to lock.
The lock, to lock, west of green bushes
Locks locked, west of green bushes
Locks, west of the green bushes locked
A lock, west of green bushes locked
Lock, west of a green bush locked.
Lock, west of the green bushes locked
Locks, to lock, west of green bushes
Lock, west of the green bush to lock
A lock locked, west of the green bush
Lock locked west of a green bush.
The lock west of green bushes, locked
Locks, west of a green bush locked
Lock, west of a green bush locked
The locks, locked, west of green bushes
Lock west of green bushes, locked
Lock to lock, west of green bushes
The lock, locked, west of green bushes
Lock locked west of green bushes.
The locks west of green bushes, locked
The locks, west of green bushes locked.
Locks, west of the green bush to lock.
Locks, locked, west of green bushes
The lock, west of green bushes locked.
Locks, west of the green bushes to lock
A lock to lock, west of green bushes
Lock, to lock, west of green bushes
Lock, west of green bushes to lock.
Lock, west of the green bush locked.
Lock locked west of green bushes
The lock locked, west of green bushes
A lock, to lock, west of green bushes
Locks, west of a green bush to lock
The locks, west of green bushes to lock
Lock locked west of the green bush.
The lock, west of green bushes to lock
Locks, west of the green bush locked
Lock, west of the green bush locked
The locks, west of green bushes locked
The lock, west of green bushes locked
Lock, locked, west of green bushes
Locks, west of green bushes locked.
A lock, locked, west of green bushes
Lock locked, west of green bushes
Locks, west of the green bush to lock
Lock, west of green bushes to lock
A lock locked, west of green bushes
Locks, west of green bushes to lock.
Lock, west of green bushes locked.
Locks, west of green bushes locked
Lock, west of green bushes locked
Locks, west of green bushes to lock

TOTAL RESULTS: 460

Node      MRS Produced    Reason                 Included in MRS    Reason
--------  --------------  ---------------------  -----------------  -------------------------
green_4   True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
idBush_3  True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
idLock_1  True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
locked_2  True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
yes_5     True            MRS fragment produced  False              Descends from failed edge

Edge             MRS Composed    Reason                                 Included in MRS    Reason
---------------  --------------  -------------------------------------  -----------------  -------------------------------------
idColor_2        True            MRS composed                           True               Included in MRS
idImmovable_3    False           'idImmovable' has no value in lexicon  False              'idImmovable' has no value in lexicon
idLockedState_1  True            MRS composed                           True               Included in MRS
isWestOf_4       True            MRS composed                           True               Included in MRS

Graph Component    Metric      Successful    Total    Coverage
-----------------  --------  ------------  -------  ----------
Nodes              Produced             5        5        1
Nodes              Included             4        5        0.8
Edges              Produced             3        4        0.75
Edges              Included             3        4        0.75