/Users/lizcconrad/Documents/PhD/POGG/POGG_project/GG_data/development/Tutorial/subgraphs/dot/complete/idPlayerBackside_subgraph.dot
[ TOP: h50
  INDEX: e47
  RELS: < [ unknown LBL: h49 ARG: x43 ARG0: e47 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h46 ARG0: x43 RSTR: h44 BODY: h45 ]
          [ loc_nonsp LBL: h1 ARG0: i39 ARG1: x43 ARG2: x26 ]
          [ poss LBL: h1 ARG0: e9 ARG1: x43 ARG2: x5 ]
          [ _backside_n_1 LBL: h1 ARG0: x43 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h8 ARG0: x5 RSTR: h6 BODY: h7 ]
          [ _player_n_of LBL: h4 ARG0: x5 ARG1: i3 ]
          [ def_implicit_q LBL: h38 ARG0: x26 RSTR: h36 BODY: h37 ]
          [ _south_a_1 LBL: h34 ARG0: i25 ARG1: x26 ARG2: x13 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h32 ARG0: x13 RSTR: h30 BODY: h31 ]
          [ compound LBL: h14 ARG0: e21 ARG1: x13 ARG2: x17 ]
          [ udef_q LBL: h20 ARG0: x17 RSTR: h18 BODY: h19 ]
          [ _back_n_1 LBL: h16 ARG0: x17 ]
          [ _opening_n_1 LBL: h14 ARG0: x13 ]
          [ place_n LBL: h34 ARG0: x26 ] >
  HCONS: < h6 qeq h4 h18 qeq h16 h30 qeq h14 h36 qeq h34 h44 qeq h1 h50 qeq h49 > ]
GENERATED RESULTS ... 
The player's backsides south of the back openings
The player's backsides south of the back opening
The player's backsides south of a back opening
A player's backsides south of the back openings
The players' backsides south of the back openings
A player's backsides south of the back opening
The player's backsides south of the back openings.
The players' backsides south of the back opening
The player's backside south of the back openings
The player's backside south of the back opening
A player's backsides south of a back opening
Players' backsides south of the back openings
The players' backsides south of a back opening
The player's backsides south of the backed, openings.
Players' backsides south of the back opening
A player's backsides south of the back openings.
The player's backsides south of the backed, openings
The player's backsides south of the back opening.
The players' backsides south of the back openings.
The player's backsides south of the backed, opening
The player's backside south of a back opening
A player's backside south of the back openings
The players' backside south of the back openings
A player's backside south of the back opening
The player's backside south of the back openings.
The players' backside south of the back opening
The player's backsides south of a backed, opening
The player's backsides south of the backed, opening.
Players' backsides south of a back opening
A player's backsides south of the backed, openings.
The player's backsides south of a back opening.
The player's backsides, south of the back openings
The players' backsides south of the backed, openings.
Players' backsides south of the back openings.
The player's backside, south of the back openings
A player's backsides south of the backed, openings
The player's backsides south of a backed, opening.
A player's backsides south of the back opening.
A player's backsides south of the backed, opening
A player's backside south of a back opening
The player's backsides, south of the back opening
The players' backsides south of the backed, openings
The players' backsides south of the back opening.
Players' backside south of the back openings
The player's backside, south of the back opening
The players' backsides south of the backed, opening
The players' backside south of a back opening
The player's backside south of the backed, openings.
Players' backside south of the back opening
A player's backside south of the back openings.
A player's backsides south of a backed, opening
The player's backside south of the backed, openings
The player's backside south of the back opening.
The players' backside south of the back openings.
The player's backside south of the backed, opening
The players' backsides south of a backed, opening
The player's backsides south of back openings
The player's backside south of a backed, opening
A player's backsides south of the backed, opening.
The player's backsides south of backed openings
The player's backsides south of a backed opening
The players' backsides south of the backed, opening.
A player's backsides south of a back opening.
Players' backsides south of the backed, openings.
The player's backsides, south of a back opening
A player's backsides, south of the back openings
The players' backsides south of a back opening.
The player's backsides south of back openings.
The player's backside, south of a back opening
A player's backside, south of the back openings
A player's backsides south of a backed, opening.
The player's backsides south of the backed openings.
The players' backsides, south of the back openings
Players' backsides south of the backed, openings
Players' backsides south of the back opening.
A player's backsides, south of the back opening
The players' backside, south of the back openings
Players' backsides south of the backed, opening
The player's backside south of the backed, opening.
The players' backsides south of a backed, opening.
Players' backside south of a back opening
A player's backside, south of the back opening
The player's backsides south of the backed openings
The players' backsides, south of the back opening
A player's backside south of the backed, openings.
The players' backside, south of the back opening
The player's backside south of a back opening.
The players' backside south of the backed, openings.
Players' backside south of the back openings.
A player's backside south of the backed, openings
Players' backsides south of a backed, opening
The player's backside south of a backed, opening.
A player's backside south of the back opening.
A player's backside south of the backed, opening
The players' backside south of the backed, openings
A player's backsides south of back openings
The players' backside south of the back opening.
The players' backside south of the backed, opening
The players' backsides south of back openings
The player's backsides south of the backed opening
The player's backsides south of backed openings.
A player's backside south of a backed, opening
The players' backside south of a backed, opening
The player's backsides south of backed, openings.
The player's backside south of back openings
The player's backsides south of a backed opening.
The player's backsides south of backed, openings
Players' backsides south of the backed, opening.
A player's backsides south of backed openings
A player's backsides south of a backed opening
The players' backsides south of backed openings
The players' backsides south of a backed opening
Players' backsides south of a back opening.
A player's backsides, south of a back opening
Players' backsides, south of the back openings
A player's backsides south of back openings.
A player's backside, south of a back opening
A player's backsides south of the backed openings.
The players' backsides, south of a back opening
Players' backside, south of the back openings
Players' backsides south of a backed, opening.
The players' backsides south of back openings.
The players' backside, south of a back opening
A player's backside south of the backed, opening.
The players' backsides south of the backed openings.
Players' backsides, south of the back opening
The player's backside south of backed openings
A player's backsides south of the backed openings
The player's backside south of a backed opening
Players' backside, south of the back opening
The players' backside south of the backed, opening.
The player's backsides, south of the backed, openings
A player's backside south of a back opening.
Players' backside south of the backed, openings.
The players' backsides south of the backed openings
The player's backsides, south of the backed, opening
The player's backside, south of the backed, openings
The player's backside, south of the backed, opening
The players' backside south of a back opening.
The player's backside south of back openings.
A player's backside south of a backed, opening.
The player's backside south of the backed openings.
Players' backside south of the backed, openings
Players' backside south of the back opening.
Players' backside south of the backed, opening
The players' backside south of a backed, opening.
Players' backsides south of back openings
The player's backsides south of the backed opening.
The player's backside south of the backed openings
The player's backsides, south of a backed, opening
A player's backsides south of the backed opening
A player's backsides south of backed openings.
The player's backside, south of a backed, opening
The players' backsides south of the backed opening
The players' backsides south of backed openings.
Players' backside south of a backed, opening
A player's backsides south of backed, openings.
A player's backside south of back openings
The players' backsides south of backed, openings.
The players' backside south of back openings
The player's backside south of the backed opening
The player's backside south of backed openings.
A player's backsides south of a backed opening.
A player's backsides south of backed, openings
Players' backsides south of backed openings
The players' backsides south of a backed opening.
Players' backsides south of a backed opening
The players' backsides south of backed, openings
Players' backsides, south of a back opening
The player's backside south of backed, openings.
Players' backsides south of back openings.
Players' backside, south of a back opening
Players' backsides south of the backed openings.
The player's backside south of a backed opening.
The player's backside south of backed, openings
Players' backside south of the backed, opening.
A player's backside south of backed openings
A player's backside south of a backed opening
Players' backsides south of the backed openings
A player's backsides, south of the backed, openings
The players' backside south of backed openings
The players' backside south of a backed opening
A player's backsides, south of the backed, opening
A player's backside, south of the backed, openings
Players' backside south of a back opening.
The players' backsides, south of the backed, openings
A player's backside, south of the backed, opening
A player's backside south of back openings.
The players' backsides, south of the backed, opening
The players' backside, south of the backed, openings
A player's backside south of the backed openings.
Players' backside south of a backed, opening.
The players' backside, south of the backed, opening
The players' backside south of back openings.
The players' backside south of the backed openings.
A player's backsides south of the backed opening.
A player's backside south of the backed openings
A player's backsides, south of a backed, opening
A player's backside, south of a backed, opening
The players' backsides south of the backed opening.
Players' backsides south of the backed opening
Players' backsides south of backed openings.
The players' backside south of the backed openings
The players' backsides, south of a backed, opening
The players' backside, south of a backed, opening
The player's backsides, south of back openings
The player's backside, south of back openings
Players' backsides south of backed, openings.
Players' backside south of back openings
The player's backside south of the backed opening.
A player's backside south of the backed opening
A player's backside south of backed openings.
Players' backsides south of a backed opening.
Players' backsides south of backed, openings
The players' backside south of the backed opening
The players' backside south of backed openings.
A player's backside south of backed, openings.
The player's backsides, south of backed openings
The player's backsides, south of a backed opening
The players' backside south of backed, openings.
The player's backside, south of backed openings
The player's backside, south of a backed opening
A player's backside south of a backed opening.
A player's backside south of backed, openings
Players' backside south of backed openings
The players' backside south of a backed opening.
Players' backside south of a backed opening
The players' backside south of backed, openings
Players' backsides, south of the backed, openings
Players' backside, south of the backed, openings
Players' backsides, south of the backed, opening
Players' backside, south of the backed, opening
Players' backside south of back openings.
The player's backsides, south of the backed openings
Players' backside south of the backed openings.
The player's backside, south of the backed openings
Players' backsides south of the backed opening.
Players' backside south of the backed openings
Players' backsides, south of a backed, opening
Players' backside, south of a backed, opening
A player's backsides, south of back openings
A player's backside, south of back openings
The players' backsides, south of back openings
The player's backsides, south of the backed opening
The players' backside, south of back openings
The player's backside, south of the backed opening
A player's backside south of the backed opening.
The players' backside south of the backed opening.
Players' backside south of the backed opening
Players' backside south of backed openings.
The player's backsides, south of backed, openings
Players' backside south of backed, openings.
A player's backsides, south of backed openings
A player's backsides, south of a backed opening
The player's backside, south of backed, openings
A player's backside, south of backed openings
A player's backside, south of a backed opening
The players' backsides, south of backed openings
The players' backsides, south of a backed opening
Players' backside south of a backed opening.
Players' backside south of backed, openings
The players' backside, south of backed openings
The players' backside, south of a backed opening
A player's backsides, south of the backed openings
A player's backside, south of the backed openings
The players' backsides, south of the backed openings
The players' backside, south of the backed openings
Players' backsides, south of back openings
Players' backside, south of back openings
A player's backsides, south of the backed opening
A player's backside, south of the backed opening
The players' backsides, south of the backed opening
Players' backside south of the backed opening.
The players' backside, south of the backed opening
A player's backsides, south of backed, openings
A player's backside, south of backed, openings
Players' backsides, south of backed openings
Players' backsides, south of a backed opening
The players' backsides, south of backed, openings
Players' backside, south of backed openings
Players' backside, south of a backed opening
The players' backside, south of backed, openings
Players' backsides, south of the backed openings
Players' backside, south of the backed openings
Players' backsides, south of the backed opening
Players' backside, south of the backed opening
Players' backsides, south of backed, openings
Players' backside, south of backed, openings

TOTAL RESULTS: 288

Node                      MRS Produced    Reason                 Included in MRS    Reason
------------------------  --------------  ---------------------  -----------------  ---------------
idGameRoom1BackOpening_2  True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
idPlayerBackside_1        True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS

Edge         MRS Composed    Reason        Included in MRS    Reason
-----------  --------------  ------------  -----------------  ---------------
isSouthOf_1  True            MRS composed  True               Included in MRS

Graph Component    Metric      Successful    Total    Coverage
-----------------  --------  ------------  -------  ----------
Nodes              Produced             2        2           1
Nodes              Included             2        2           1
Edges              Produced             1        1           1
Edges              Included             1        1           1