/Users/lizcconrad/Documents/PhD/POGG/POGG_project/GG_data/development/Heal_TheCar/subgraphs/dot/complete/idSmoke1_subgraph.dot
[ TOP: h752
  INDEX: e749
  RELS: < [ unknown LBL: h751 ARG: x700 ARG0: e749 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h748 ARG0: x700 RSTR: h746 BODY: h747 ]
          [ loc_nonsp LBL: h708 ARG0: i741 ARG1: x700 ARG2: x737 ]
          [ _immovable_a_1 LBL: h708 ARG0: e706 ARG1: x700 ]
          [ _smoke_n_1 LBL: h708 ARG0: x700 ]
          [ def_implicit_q LBL: h740 ARG0: x737 RSTR: h738 BODY: h739 ]
          [ _east_a_1 LBL: h730 ARG0: i727 ARG1: x737 ARG2: x731 ]
          [ def_udef_a_q LBL: h734 ARG0: x731 RSTR: h732 BODY: h733 ]
          [ _immovable_a_1 LBL: h713 ARG0: e721 ARG1: x731 ]
          [ _large_a_1 LBL: h713 ARG0: e714 ARG1: x731 ]
          [ _bear_n_1 LBL: h713 ARG0: x731 ]
          [ place_n LBL: h730 ARG0: x737 ] >
  HCONS: < h732 qeq h713 h738 qeq h730 h746 qeq h708 h752 qeq h751 > ]
GENERATED RESULTS ... 
The immovable smokes east of an immovable large bear
The immovable smokes east of a large immovable bear
The immovable smokes east of the immovable large bear
The immovable smokes east of the immovable large bears
The immovable smokes east of the large immovable bear
The immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear
Immovable smokes east of an immovable large bear
The immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear
An immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear
The immovable smokes east of the large immovable bears
The immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear
Immovable smokes east of a large immovable bear
The immovable smokes east of the immovable large bears.
An immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear
The immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears
Immovable smokes east of the immovable large bear
The immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear
An immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear
Immovable smokes east of the immovable large bears
An immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears
Immovable smokes east of the large immovable bear
The immovable smokes east of large immovable bears
Immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear
An immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear
The immovable smokes east of an immovable large bear.
The immovable smokes east of the large immovable bears.
Immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear
The immovable smokes east of the immovable large bear.
The immovable smokes east of immovable large bears
The immovable smokes east of a large immovable bear.
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears
The immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears
The immovable smokes east of large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear
Immovable smokes east of the large immovable bears
The immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears.
An immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears
The immovable smokes east of the large immovable bear.
Immovable smokes east of the immovable large bears.
An immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears.
The immovable smokes east of immovable large bear
The immovable smoke east of large immovable bears
The immovable smokes east of large immovable bear.
The immovable smokes east of large immovable bears.
The immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear.
The immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears.
Immovable smokes east of large immovable bears
The immovable smokes east of immovable large bear.
The immovable smokes east of immovable large bears.
An immovable smoke east of large immovable bears
Immovable smokes east of an immovable large bear.
Immovable smokes east of the large immovable bears.
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears
An immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear.
An immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears.
The immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear.
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears.
The immovable smoke east of immovable large bears
The immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear.
Immovable smokes east of the immovable large bear.
The immovable smoke east of large immovable bear
Immovable smokes east of immovable large bears
Immovable smokes east of a large immovable bear.
An immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear.
Immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear
An immovable smoke east of immovable large bears
An immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear.
Immovable smokes east of large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bears
An immovable smoke east of large immovable bear
The immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear.
Immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear.
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears.
Immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear
Immovable smokes east of the large immovable bear.
The immovable smoke east of immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear
The immovable smoke east of large immovable bear.
An immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear.
The immovable smoke east of large immovable bears.
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears
Immovable smokes east of immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear.
Immovable smokes east of large immovable bear.
The immovable smoke east of immovable large bear.
Immovable smokes east of large immovable bears.
An immovable smoke east of immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bears
The immovable smoke east of immovable large bears.
Immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear.
An immovable smoke east of large immovable bear.
An immovable smoke east of large immovable bears.
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bear
Immovable smokes east of immovable large bear.
Immovable smokes east of immovable large bears.
An immovable smoke east of immovable large bear.
An immovable smoke east of immovable large bears.
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear.
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bear.
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bears.
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bear.
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bears.
The immovable smokes, east of an immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bears.
Immovable smokes, east of an immovable large bear
The immovable smokes, east of a large immovable bear
The immovable smokes, east of the immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bears
Immovable smokes, east of a large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of an immovable large bear.
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bears.
Immovable smokes, east of the immovable large bear
The immovable smokes, east of the immovable large bears
The immovable smokes, east of the large immovable bear
Immovable smokes, east of the immovable large bears
The immovable smoke, east of an immovable large bear
Immovable smokes, east of the large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of an immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of the immovable large bear.
The immovable smoke, east of a large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bears
Immovable smoke east of a large immovable bear.
The immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bear
Immovable smoke, east of a large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of an immovable large bear
Immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bear
The immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bears
An immovable smoke, east of an immovable large bear
The immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bears
Immovable smoke east of the large immovable bear.
Immovable smoke, east of a large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bear
An immovable smoke, east of a large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bear
The immovable smokes, east of the large immovable bears
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bear
An immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bear
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bear.
Immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bears
Immovable smokes, east of the large immovable bears
Immovable smoke east of large immovable bears.
An immovable smoke, east of the immovable large bears
Immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bear
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bear.
Immovable smoke east of immovable large bears.
An immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bear
The immovable smokes, east of large immovable bears
The immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bears
Immovable smokes, east of large immovable bears
Immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bears
Immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bears
The immovable smokes, east of immovable large bears
An immovable smoke, east of the large immovable bears
The immovable smoke, east of large immovable bears
The immovable smokes, east of large immovable bear
Immovable smokes, east of immovable large bears
Immovable smoke, east of large immovable bears
Immovable smokes, east of large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of large immovable bears
The immovable smokes, east of immovable large bear
An immovable smoke, east of large immovable bears
The immovable smoke, east of immovable large bears
Immovable smokes, east of immovable large bear
The immovable smoke, east of large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of immovable large bears
Immovable smoke, east of large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of immovable large bears
An immovable smoke, east of immovable large bears
Immovable smoke, east of large immovable bear
The immovable smoke, east of immovable large bear
An immovable smoke, east of large immovable bear
Immovable smoke, east of immovable large bear
Immovable smoke, east of immovable large bear
An immovable smoke, east of immovable large bear

TOTAL RESULTS: 180

Node       MRS Produced    Reason                 Included in MRS    Reason
---------  --------------  ---------------------  -----------------  ---------------
idBear_3   True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
idSmoke_1  True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
large_4    True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
yes_2      True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS
yes_5      True            MRS fragment produced  True               Included in MRS

Edge           MRS Composed    Reason        Included in MRS    Reason
-------------  --------------  ------------  -----------------  ---------------
idImmovable_1  True            MRS composed  True               Included in MRS
idImmovable_3  True            MRS composed  True               Included in MRS
idSize_2       True            MRS composed  True               Included in MRS
isEastOf_4     True            MRS composed  True               Included in MRS

Graph Component    Metric      Successful    Total    Coverage
-----------------  --------  ------------  -------  ----------
Nodes              Produced             5        5           1
Nodes              Included             5        5           1
Edges              Produced             4        4           1
Edges              Included             4        4           1